# Read: Class 5

## Readings: Putting it all together

### Questions
#### What is the single responsibility principle and how does it apply to components?
Each component should do one thing. If a component gets big it should be broken into smaller subcomponents. 
#### What does it mean to build a ‘static’ version of your application?
A static version of an application means creating a version that renders the UI from the data model but isn't interactivity.
#### Once you have a static application, what do you need to add?
Interactivity.
####What are the three questions you can ask to determine if something is state?
* Is it passed in from a parent via props? I
* Does it change over time?
* Is it based on any other state or props in your component?

#### How can you identify where state needs to live?
* Identify each piece of state.
* Find a common owner component 
* Either the common owner or another component higher up in the hierarchy should own the state.

#### What is a “higher-order function”?
A higher-order function is a function that operates with other functions, either by taking them as arguments or by returning them.

#### Explore the greaterThan function as defined in the reading. In your own words, what is line 2 of this function doing?
The greaterThan function is a higher-order function. Its second line involves is a comparison operation.

#### Explain how either map or reduce operates, with regards to higher-order functions.
* map: Transforms an array by applying a function to each of its elements, returning a new array with the results. 
* reduce: Operates by taking an array and reducing it to a single value.


## Things I want to know more about
I still don't get react.
