
# Read: Class 11

## Readings: MongoDB and Mongoose

### Questions
#### In your own words, describe what each group of status code represents:
**100’s = Informational Response**
**200’s = Success Responses**
**300’s = Redirection**
**400’s = Client Error**
**500’s = Server Error**

#### What is a status code 202?
Code for 'Accepted'.
#### What is a status code 308?
'Permanent Redirect'.
#### What code would you use if an update didn’t return data to a client?
204 No Content
#### What code would you use if a resource used to exist but no longer does?
410 Gone
#### What is the ‘Forbidden’ status code?
403
#### Why do we need to pull our MongoDB database string out of our server and put it into our .env?
Security and configuration management
#### What is middleware?
Software that lies between the server and the applications running on it
#### What does app.use(express.json()) do?
Built-in middleware in Express.js. It parses incoming requests with JSON payloads.
#### What does the /:id mean in a route?
It defines a variable part of the URL. :id 
#### What is the difference between PUT and PATCH?
PUT replaces the entire resource, while PATCH applies a partial update to the resource
#### How do you make a default value in a schema?
You set default values for fields in the schema definition
#### What does a 500 error status code mean?
This indicates a server error
#### What is the difference between a status 200 and a status 201?
200 Ok mean a general successful request. 201 Created makes a new resource
## Things I want to know more about
Really just more about react

