# Read: Class 1

## Intro

This is the introdiction to 301. This reading assignment focuses on component based architecture and React props.

### Questions
#### What is a "component"?
A component is a modular, portable, replaceable, and reusable set of well-defined functionality that encapsulates its implementation and exporting it as a higher-level interface. A component is a software object, intended to interact with other components, encapsulating certain functionality or a set of functionalities. Similar to functions in other languages, compoenents are independent bits of code, however compoenents return html not the language they were written in.

#### What are the characteristics of a component?
* Reusability − Components are usually designed to be reused in different situations in different applications. However, some components may be designed for a specific task.
* Replaceable − Components may be freely substituted with other similar components.
* Not context specific − Components are designed to operate in different environments and contexts.
* Extensible − A component can be extended from existing components to provide new behavior.
* Encapsulated − A A component depicts the interfaces, which allow the caller to use its functionality, and do not expose details of the internal processes or any internal variables or state.
* Independent − Components are designed to have minimal dependencies on other components.

#### What are the advantages of using compoenent-based architecture?
Compared to OOP software, compoenent-oriented archiecture has two primary advantage.
* Reduced time in market and the development cost by reusing existing components.
* Increased reliability with the reuse of the existing components.
#### What is “props” short for?
It's a keyword in React that stands for properties. 
#### How are props used in React?
It is used for passing data between compoenents.
#### What is the flow of props?
Read-only unidirectional from parent to child.


### Sources
* https://itnext.io/what-is-props-and-how-to-use-it-in-react-da307f500da0#:~:text=%E2%80%9CProps%E2%80%9D%20is%20a%20special%20keyword,way%20from%20parent%20to%20child

* https://www.tutorialspoint.com/software_architecture_design/component_based_architecture.htm

## Things I want to know more about
How does component based architecture compare to object oriented.
