
# Read: Class 6

## Readings: NODE.JS

### Questions
#### What is node.js?
Node.js is an open-source, cross-platform JavaScript runtime environment. 
#### In your own words, what is Chrome’s V8 JavaScript Engine?
Chrome's V8 JavaScript Engine is a high-performance JavaScript and WebAssembly engine.
#### What does it mean that node is a JavaScript runtime?
It means it's an environment where JavaScript can be executed outside of a web browser.
#### What is npm?
npm (Node Package Manager) is the default package manager for Node.js.

#### What version of node are you running on your machine?
HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) is a protocol for transferring data on the web. It allows for the fetching of resources, such as HTML documents.

#### What version of npm are you running on your machine?
```
 npm install jshint
``` 

#### What command would you type to install a library/package called ‘jshint’?
```
 npm install jshint
``` 
#### What is node used for?
It's used for for building server-side applications, scalable network applications, real-time web applications and APIs.

#### What are the 6 reasons for pair programming?
* Greater efficiency
* Engaged collaboration
* Learning from fellow students
* Social skills
* Job interview readiness
* Work environment readiness

#### In your experience, which of these reasons have you found most beneficial?
Social Skills
#### How does pair programming work?

Pair programming works by having two programmers share a single workstation. One, the "Driver," writes code while the other, the "Navigator," reviews each line of code as it's written, thinking about the big picture and potential problems. The roles can be swapped, and constant communication is key for successful pair programming

## Things I want to know more about
Does webdev handle anything at the TCP/IP level or only application level?

