
# Read: Class 11

## Readings: MongoDB and Mongoose

### Questions
#### Fill in the chart below with five differences between SQL and NoSQL databases:
* SQL database
  1. Relational Database
  2. Uses tables to represent data
  3. Predefined Schema
  4. Vertically scalable
  5. Uses standard Structured Query Language

* NoSQL database
  1. Non-relational database
  2. Document key value pair, graphs, and columns
  3. Dynamic schema
  4. Horizontally scalable
  5. Uses UnQL
     
#### What kind of data is a good fit for an SQL database?
Good fit for complex query-intensive environments and applications 
#### Give a real world example.
Banks that do lots of transactions
#### What kind of data is a good fit a NoSQL database?
suited for hierarchical data storage and large data sets
#### Give a real world example.
Social media sites

#### Which type of database is best for hierarchical data storage?
NoSQL
#### What does SQL stand for?
Stands for Structured Query Language
#### What is a relational database?
A database structured to recognize relations among stored items of information.
#### What type of structure does a relational database work with?
Table-based
#### What is a ‘schema’?
The layout or blueprint of a database that defines how data is organized and how the relations among them are associated.
#### What is a NoSQL database?
A type of database that provides a mechanism for storage and retrieval of data
#### How does it work?
NoSQL databases use various data models, including document, key-value, wide-column, and graph formats.
#### What is inside of a MongoDB database?
Contains collections of documents
#### Which is more flexible - SQL or MongoDB? and why.
MongoDB is more flexible than SQL because it allows for varied data models and is schema-less.
#### What is the disadvantage of a NoSQL database?
Lacks standardized interfaces and consistency 

## Things I want to know more about
Really just more about react

