# Read: Class 6

## Readings: REST

### Questions
#### To what extent did psychological safety impact your previous work experience?
It didn't. 
#### How does this article inform your approach to working with others moving forward?
To be more empathetic with potential fellow employees.
#### Who is Roy Fielding?
Wrote the first web servers. He defined the HTTP protocol and the REST architectural style.
#### Why don’t the techniques that we use in this class work well when we need to be able to talk to all of the machines in the world?
The techniques discussed were not designed for global scale communication. 

#### What is the HTTP protocol that Fielding and his friends created?
HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) is a protocol for transferring data on the web. It allows for the fetching of resources, such as HTML documents.

#### What does a ``` GET ``` do?
A higher-order function is a function that operates with other functions, either by taking them as arguments or by returning them.

#### What does a ``` POST ``` do?
The POST method sends data to the server to create a new resource. It's often used when submitting form data or uploading a file.

#### What does ``` PUT ``` do?
The PUT method replaces all current representations of the target resource with the uploaded content. It's used for updating existing resources.

#### What does ``` PATCH ``` do?
PATCH is used for making partial changes to a resource, allowing for the modification of a resource without completely replacing it.

## Things I want to know more about
Does webdev handle anything at the TCP/IP level or only application level?

