# Read: 06 - Dynamic web pages with JavaScript
## What is JavaScript?
JavaScript is a scripting language that enables you to create dynamic webpages. Technically it is...

>JavaScript is a high-level, often just-in-time compiled language that conforms to the ECMAScript standard. It has dynamic typing, prototype-based object-orientation, and first-class functions. It is multi-paradigm, supporting event-driven, functional, and imperative programming styles. It has application programming interfaces (APIs) for working with text, dates, regular expressions, standard data structures, and the Document Object Model (DOM).

As functional as JavaScript is it makes the web incredibly insecure. It's very easy for hackers and other malactors to insert code client side to commit a cross side scripting attack or cross site request forgery.

### 1. What are variables in JavaScript?
**Variables are containers for storing data. There are three variable types**
* var
* let
* const

### 2. What does it mean to declare a variable?
**Declaring a variable assigns it value. The following...**
```javascript
var animal = bunny;
let x = 12;
const  pi = 3.14;

```
**...are all examples of variable declaractions***

### 3. What is an “assignment” operator, and what does it do?
**Assignment operators "assign" value to a variable. In...**
```javascript
let y = (m*x)+b;
```
**...the "=" is the assignment operator.**

### 4. What is information received from the user called?
**Information received from a user is input. It's typically received following a prompt.**
