# Read: 14 - Psychological Safety
Staying mentally healthy is key to success in the workplace.

## Introduction
**Control flow is the order in that computer executes code.**

### 1. What are three key factors that contribute to psychologically safe teams?
#### Trust and Respect
Team members need to trust each other and believe that their opinions and contributions are respected. They also need to trust that they can express their feelings without backlack. Without trust and respect, communication is hampered reducing productivity.

#### Open Communication
Open communication involves actively listening to team members, valuing different perspectives, and fostering an environment where ideas can be shared. When individuals feel that they are heard, they are more likely to engage in collaborative discussions. When they don't it stifles creativity.

#### Risk-Taking and Innovation
Psychological safety promotes an atmosphere where team members feel comfortable taking appropriate risks without the fear of negative consequences. Without risk you cannot foster creativity and innovation. When individuals are not afraid of making mistakes, they are more likely to experiment with new ideas. When they are afraid, they do the bare minimum to accomplish the tasks set before them.



### 2. Evaluate, with details, a previous professional setting (or team) you were in with regards to psychological safety.
The easiest place to describe as far as the state of the psychological safety of the people in the organization is the US Army. And it's terrible. Where psychological is important to accomplishing the mission it is ignored. Where it actively degrades mission readiness, platitudes to psychological safety are given.

For example, by nature combat is psychologically unhealthy. A psychologically safe work environment would be to encourage psychological safety and development BEFORE engaging in combat. However during training periods before deployments, attempts to get mental health assistance are actively discouraged and indirectly punished.

### 3. What impact do teams that operate with a high degree of psychological safety have on their company and the team members?
Teams that operate with a high degree of psychological safety are more likely to innovate.  Team members are more likely to collaborate effectively, leveraging each other's strengths and addressing weaknesses collectively. A positive work environment contributes to higher employee retention and a sense of belonging and support. Teams that prioritize psychological safety contribute to a positive company culture attracting and retaining top talent.

## Things I want to know more about
If psychological safety is so important, why is it ignored in so many organizations.

