# Read: 15 - CSS Transforms, Transitions, and Animations.
The versatility of CSS

### 1. What does a CSS transform allow the developer to do to an element?
A CSS transforms allow developers to modify the size, position, and orientation of an webpage elements. It provides the ability to scale, rotate, skew, and translate elements in both two
and three dimensions
### 2. Provide an example of a transform and how you could see that being used on a website.
~~~
.cheese {
  transform: rotate(95deg) scale(1.75);
}
~~~
This takes all things of class "cheese" and rotates them 95 degrees and scales it to 1.75 times its original size.
### 3. What does a CSS transition allow the developer to do to an element?
A transition allows web developer to alter the appearance and behavior of an element when a  change occurs like hovering. It allows changes from one state to another by applying different styles for each state. Transitions are triggered by pseudo-classes like :hover, :focus, :active, and :target. The transition effect can be applied to specific properties like background color, and the developer can control the duration, timing function, and delay of the transition.
### 4. How does a CSS animation differ from a CSS transition?
There are basic differences between animation and transitions.
#### Transition:
* Change from one state to another.
* Usually used for changes triggered by pseudo-classes like :hover.
* Controlled by properties like transition-property, transition-duration, transition-timing-function, and transition-delay.
#### Animation:
* Complex and customizable effects with multiple keyframes.
* Uses the @keyframes rule, where different states (keyframes) are defined at various percentages.
* Controlled by properties like animation-name, animation-duration, animation-timing-function, animation-delay, animation-iteration-count, animation-direction, animation-fill-mode, and animation-play-state.
### 5. What are some benefits to using CSS transitions on websites?
### 6. How this topic fit in with your long-term goals?

