# Read: 08 - CSS Layout

In this reading we will be covering some of the properties of CSS but especially as they pertain to Flexboxes and overall Layout.

## Source Readings
**[Web.Dev "FlexBox"](https://web.dev/learn/css/flexbox/)** | **[Mdn Web Docs "Flexdox"](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Flexbox)** | **[Web.Dev "Layout"](https://web.dev/learn/css/layout/)**

### 1. Flexbox is designed for one-dimensional content. Explain what this means.
One dimensional means is oriented for vertical ONLY or horizontal ONLY elements, not both at the same time. Flexbox *can* manage both at the same time \(ie columns AND rows\)
### 2. Explain the difference between the main axis and cross axis.
##### Main Axis:
The axis that items/elements are placed. The command family is **flex-direction**
~~~
  flex-direction: row;
~~~
Lists items horizontally in order \(ie 1, 2, 3\)
~~~
  flex-drection: row-reverse;
~~~
Lists items horizontally in reverse order \(ie 3, 2, 1\)
~~~
  flex-direction: column;
~~~
Lists items veritcally in order \(see below\)\
1\
2\
3
~~~
  flex-direction: column-reverse;
~~~
Lists items veritcally in reverse order \(see below\)\
3\
2\
1

##### Cross Axis:
The axis that is perpendicular \(ie at a right/90 degree angle\) to the main axis. This is controlled by **align-items** command.

### 3. How can using certain properties of flexbox negatively impact accessibility?
Accessibility is the ability of a webpage to provide assitance to those who have impairments. It can be negatively can be affected by...
##### Source vs Property order:
Applying the **order** command can rearrange elements differently from their original order. Screen readers navigate via **source** order. If this differs between the command it can cause issues for screen readers.
##### Keyboard Navigation:
If the visual order is altered too much, keyboard navigation will not track with the visually presented content.
##### Visual Cues:
Flexboxes allow for content to dynamically adjust based on used device (pc, mobile, tablet etc). If it shifts too much without corresponding hints it can be difficult for screen readers.
### 4. What are some advantages of using flexbox over float?
There are many advantages to using a flexbox over a float. However the three that I think are most useful are **warapping**,**ordering**,and **item sizing**
##### Wrapping
FLexboxes can wrap elements around other elements with. With floats this process is less intuitive and precise.
##### Ordering
**Order** allows reordering of elements within a container. Float does not have the ability to re-order elements separate from the source order.
##### Sizing
Relative size can be adjusted 

### 5. How does this topic connect with your long term goals?
Ultimately full stack development is the most desireable skill for developers to have. As I am trying to expand my technical skill set, CSS is an essential element to the front end, along with HTML and JavaScript. Mastering these three along will help me get my front end skills down making me a more competitive candidate.
