# Read: Class 1

## Intro

This is the introdiction to 201. It forms the basis of what I'm going to be learning in the course. Website creation, maintainance, and security are one of the most in demand jobs in the market right now. Since the purpose of code fellows is for the class to learn these

## Questions
### 1. Compose a short poem describing how HTTP sends data between computers.

DNS Servers far and wide,
Whispers through the web they ride,
HTTP's silent TCP tide.

### 2. Describe how HTML, CSS, and JS files are “parsed” in the browser.

* First the HTML is read into a Document Object Model. The DOM is a representation of the elements of the page, like leaves on a tree. Each leaf is a node that is an object that's part of the webpage, include elements like CSS and JavaScirpt
* If the browser encounters a **<style>** tag it parses that into what's called a CSSOM \(Cascading Style Sheets Object model\). It looks in the HTML document or through an external CSS document if it's linked
* If the browser encounters a **<script>** tag, it executes the javascript on the page. If there is an external JS file it's pulled from there.

### 3. How can you find images to add to a Website?

Google images, creating your own original artwork. Basical any way you can get an image into a digital form.

### 4. How do you create a String vs a Number in JavaScript?

When declaring a variable, to make it a string place the contents in quotes.

~~~
let strNum = "18";
~~~
To make it a number, write a numeric character without quotes

~~~
let numVar = 18;
~~~

### 5. What is a Variable and why are they important in JavaScript?
### 6. What is an HTML attribute?
### 7. Describe the Anatomy of an HTMl element.
### 8. What is the Difference between <article> and <section> element tags?
### 9. What Elements does a “typical” website include?
### 10. How does metadata influence Search Engine Optimization?
### 11. How is the <meta> HTML tag used when specifying
### 12. What is the first step to designing a Website?
### 13. What is the most important question to answer when designing a Website?
### 14. Why should you use an <h1> element over a <span> element to display a top level heading?
### 15. What are the benefits of using semantic tags in our HTML?
### 16. Describe 2 things that require JavaScript in the Browser?
### 17. How can you add JavaScript to an HTML document?
